link to GitHub guide on contributing to a project (#131)
LibraryCarpentry/lc-git: _episodes/05-github-pages.md

> Instead of making edits on the GitHub website you can 'clone' the fork to your local machine
> and work there.
>
> Try following the steps in [GitHub's quickstart guide for contributing to projects](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects)
>
> (If you followed step 1 and 2 in the previous challenge, you already have a fork and you can

> > skip the creation of a new fork, starting instead at the section titled "Cloning a fork", if you like. 

Reviewer: I'd like to make some grammatical / style changes to this line. I recommend a period (.) to end the sentence after "new fork" and then have a new sentence that starts "Start instead at the section 'Cloning a fork.'
I would also remove the phrase "if you like" because I think directions should be clear and avoid ambiguity. "if you like" seems to leave it up to me to make a decision that i don't feel as a novice confident enough to make.

> Instead of making edits on the GitHub website you can 'clone' the fork to your local machine
> and work there.
>

> > Try following the steps in this guide:
> > <https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects>

Reviewer 2: Another point to add to https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-git/pull/131#pullrequestreview-1147654948: [long links are an accessibility issue](https://webaim.org/techniques/hypertext/link_text#link_length):

> Remember that blind users cannot visually skim through lengthy links. They must listen to the entire text. Some get frustrated with long link text and impatiently move on to the next link if they cannot understand the purpose of the link after the first few words.

```suggestion
> Try following the steps in [GitHub's quickstart guide for contributing to projects](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects)
```
